update Palo Alto Cortex XDR readme (#3144)
elastic/integrations: packages/panw_cortex_xdr/_dev/build/docs/README.md

# Palo Alto Cortex XDR Integration

> The PANW XDR integration collects events from the [Cortex XDR API,](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/cortex/cortex-xdr/cortex-xdr-api/cortex-xdr-apis/incident-management/get-alerts) specifically reading from the Incident Management API.

Reviewer: @elastic/security-external-integrations is this change from "Alert API" to "Incident Management API" correct?

Reviewer 2: @bmorelli25 The heading is [Incident Management API](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/cortex/cortex-xdr/cortex-xdr-api/cortex-xdr-apis/incident-management) which has "Get Incidents" and "Get Alerts". This data stream gets alerts with multiple events (Get Alerts). The link is correct. Perhaps this should suffice -

```suggestion
The PANW XDR integration collects alerts with multiple events from the [Cortex XDR API,](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/cortex/cortex-xdr/cortex-xdr-api/cortex-xdr-apis/incident-management/get-alerts).
```
